Publish to Hex.pm from Github Action (#63)
nimblehq/elixir-templates: README.md

- Applying the `Web variant` to a `Standard Web project`
- Applying the `Web variant` to a `Custom Web project`

> ### Release

Reviewer: How about we document that the `HEX_API_KEY` secret needs to be set before making a release?

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/nimblehq/elixir-templates/pull/63/commits/421a87bde1c932dfd3301dde28b40f7a95a697be @hanam1ni

The release process is following the [Git flow](https://nimblehq.co/compass/development/version-control/#releases-).

> Once a `release/<version number>` is created, to publish the new version to https://hex.pm/packages/nimble_phx_gen_template, we need to increase the version number in the `mix.ex` file on the release branch before the merge action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a `release/<version number>` is created, to publish the new version to Hex.pm, the version number in the `mix.ex` file needs to be updated on the release branch before merging.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/nimblehq/elixir-templates/pull/63/commits/421a87bde1c932dfd3301dde28b40f7a95a697be @hanam1ni

> Once the release branch is merged into the master, Github Action will publish the template to https://hex.pm/packages/nimble_phx_gen_template automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the release branch is merged into the master, Github Action will automatically publish the template to https://hex.pm/packages/nimble_phx_gen_template.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/nimblehq/elixir-templates/pull/63/commits/421a87bde1c932dfd3301dde28b40f7a95a697be @hanam1ni

- Applying the `Web variant` to a `Standard Web project`
- Applying the `Web variant` to a `Custom Web project`

### Release

> Set the `HEX_API_KEY` as a Github secret (skip this step if it has been done)

Reviewer 2: Missing period:

```suggestion
Set the `HEX_API_KEY` as a Github secret (skip this step if it has been done).
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/nimblehq/elixir-templates/pull/63/commits/b6cc5fc1aaf57f9bb3d280bbc73ce105c357b8bf @olivierobert

> The release process is following the [Git flow](https://nimblehq.co/compass/development/version-control/#releases-).

Reviewer 2: Tense:

```suggestion
The release process follows the [Git flow](https://nimblehq.co/compass/development/version-control/#releases-).
```

There is no need for the continuous present here as the process has been defined and is no longer active.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/nimblehq/elixir-templates/pull/63/commits/b6cc5fc1aaf57f9bb3d280bbc73ce105c357b8bf @olivierobert

Once a `release/<version number>` is created, to publish the new version to Hex.pm, the version number in the `mix.ex` file needs to be updated on the release branch before merging.

> Once the release branch is merged into the master, Github Action will automatically publish the template to https://hex.pm/packages/nimble_phx_gen_template.

Reviewer 2: Small clarification:

```suggestion
Once the release branch is merged into the `master` branch, Github Action will automatically publish the template to https://hex.pm/packages/nimble_phx_gen_template.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/nimblehq/elixir-templates/pull/63/commits/b6cc5fc1aaf57f9bb3d280bbc73ce105c357b8bf @olivierobert
